# Species in news: Indian bison (Gaur)
#crudeNote

Mains Paper 3,Conservation, Environmental Pollution & Degradation, Eia 
Note4Students
From UPSC perspective, the following points are important : 
Prelims level : Indian Bison (Gaur)
Mains level : Man-animal conflict


A gaur (Indian bison) strayed into a residential area in Pune city and allegedly died while being captured. This has depicted another ugly face of the man-animal conflicts.
Try this PYQ:                       
Q.Which one of the following groups of animals belongs to the category of endangered species?
(a) Great Indian Bustard, Musk Deer, Red Panda, Asiatic Wild Ass
(b) Kashmir Stag, Cheetah, Blue Bull, Great Indian Bustard.
(c) Snow Leopard, Swamp Deer, Rhesus Monkey, Saras (Crane)
(d) Lion Tailed Macaque, Blue Bull, Hanuman Langur, Cheetah
Gaur/ Indian Bison
	-	The Indian bison are also known as Gaur, is native to South and Southeast Asia and has been listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List since 1986.
	-	The global population has been estimated at maximum 21,000 mature individuals by 2016.
	-	It declined by more than 70% during the last three generations, and is extinct in Sri Lanka and probably also in Bangladesh.
	-	Populations in well-protected areas are stable and increasing.
	-	The Western Ghats and their outflanking hills in southern India constitute one of the most extensive extant strongholds of gaur, in particular in the Wayanad -- Nagarhole -- Mudumalai -- Bandipur complex.
#speciesInNews #prelims #GS3

 #2020-12-16 #Capture

Created: 2020-12-16 06:41:49.171000      Updated: 2020-12-17 05:21:33.508485

[https://keep.google.com/#NOTE/1608100907955.914062.882679342](https://keep.google.com/#NOTE/1608100907955.914062.882679342)

