
Title: Workflow - 2020_11_28
Source: Inspired by [[../0 Inbox/Resonance Center/How to take smart notes]]
Tags: #workflows 
Date: 2020-11-28 08:57

---
## Workflow - 2020_11_28
> ==DEPRECIATED==
> Didn't work as expected -> Long Process!


### Problems
- Retention
- Slow speed of reading and notes
- Little or no revision at all
	- ANKI cards are pending as well.
- Non-availability of Laptop at all the times.
	- iPad and Phone are not very good for typing stuff into.

### Solutions
####  DAY BLOCKING
- Plan ahead for the day.
	- The time slots, not the targets wrt content.
	- Keep breaks -- don't strain while on break.
	- Phone must be away while studying. -> except while ANKI session.
	-  Use Productivity Timer
-  Study 8 hours a day
	-  16 hours -> do any shit you want.
	-  But, make sure you study 8 hours a day.
#### Fixed wake-up and sleeping times.
- Fix the time on first day aka 2020-11-28 

#### STUDY PART 
##### Note taking: Lecture/PDF
1. STEP 1
	- Make hand written notes ---> Crisp, clear, and good writing --> ==FAIR NOTES==
		- In case of lectures
			- Note down whatever dictated.
			- Don't think about formatting.
	- Follow grids and mark each grid with a ==location name.==
	- One topic per grid ---> Make ==clear demarcations==
2. STEP 2
	- Make out a time later in the day, preferably before sleep, when you type the notes into system.
	- Use small atomic notes, mark them with the grid location name (given in STEP 1).
	- Use ANKI clozes to create flashcards
3. STEP 3
	- Revise in ANKI

##### REVISION
- Revise in ANKI mostly.
- Periodic revision if necessary for a topic.
	- Just search the topic and re-read (not effective though -> #remember) 
	- Later we can try using the ==review feature== in OBSIDIAN via-Plugin #check-later

