> *MOTIVATION!?*
> There is a lot of chaos within, but work needs to be done!

# Diary Entry
> Date: 13th December 2020

I haven't written a diary for a while now. I am not really having a great time with career and mental peace. I hope to clear my head while writing this entry.

## Problems I am facing
### Studies
1. No proper Plan for UPSC #self-ponderðŸ‘ 
	1. I don't know how to proceed exactly. 
	2. I don't have a long term plan.
	3. I don't follow my daily plans
	4. No idea how will everything be completed.
	5. How to approach things?

	Solution:
	1. Make an [[Elaborate Relaxed Plan]] #TODO
	3. Complete your ==optional first==.
	4. ==Keep writing answers.==
		1. GS everyday
		2. Optional every week.
		3. Essay every 2/3 weeks.
	5. Revise using ==ANKI==
		1. ALWAYS
		2. Make small notes from the things you are studying. Like the heading points. So that you know what you need to know. Points could be on tips. 
			- For example: 
				- I can write down the points required to be answered when a question about federalism comes up. 
				- I can easily add the points to suggested from the evaluator or the answer keys!
		3. Notes should always be for ANKI, to remember things. 
		4. Also add the sources wherever necessary or point the card to the markdown note and mention the source here.
	5. Decide the sources and stick to it.
		1. Make a list of sources for every subject or topic - [[Source List]] #TODO 
2. Make a proper plan for note-taking and ANKI
	1. Chalk out a plan, basic plan to organise the notes in Obsidian.
	2. Fix a certain time for ANKI.
		1. Topics that you feel are easy, mark them easy or remove them all together.
		2. One Page for each topic. 
		3. Index out everything in a better way.
		4. Don't try to put everything in ANKI. Just the stuff that you feel are really really important and something you need to revise.
			1. Like: the articles, the standard questions, anatomy, differences etc.


### Health
1. Weight Loss
	1. Focus on your diet - [[Diet Plan]]
	2. Include pranayam in your life style. - [[Exercises, Yoga and Pranayam]]
	3. Do static exercise, tone your body. 
		- [[Exercises, Yoga and Pranayam#Exercises for Knee]]
		- [[Exercises, Yoga and Pranayam#Static exercises for Weight Loss]]

### Mental Peace
1. Love
	I still have some feelings for Vaishali or I just long for a partner? There's something that keeps disturbing me. I don't know what to do about it. I will start meditating and fix this feeling of longing a partner. This shouldn't be a demand! It should rather be natural. 
	
	I know Vaishali and me are poles apart, and there is no way we can be together. Plus, I have been so low on the esteem that I don't see why she or anyone else for that matter would like to have me as a partner. I need to change this. I have to be confident again. I need to know what are my qualities. And if there is something I am missing, I should really get myself on the track of improvement. If I love myself, then only people will love me (people's love or acceptance doesn't even matter, what you think about yourself does.)
	For example, there was this scene in movie, Dear Zindagi.
	> Coco asks her friend who had been going to the 'Dimaag ka Doctor' if he is going there so he can tell the world to accept him that he is gay. On which he replies, 'Main jata hun taaki main khud ko bata saku main gay hu'.
	
	So, important thing is to be comfortable with yourself.  #self-ponderðŸ‘
	- Why am I low? 
	- What standards I have set for myself and why?! 
	- What do I really like to do or learn?
	- What are the methods I should employ to make myself a better learner?

> Follow these questions when you are on a break and have some time to write a diary and think about yourself, your day.

2. Studies
	It has been bothering me #self-ponderðŸ‘ 
	- if studies are really my forte?
	- why can't I learn like the others?
	- why can't I just read a book and go on reading it?
	- Why can't I concentrate?


> Compile before you sleep

## How was the day?
Not that good, but I started making notes from [[../0 Inbox/MM 2020 August]]


## Rate the day out 10!
